ae
the legacy of rock repression with solange
net income in it
and then people are here behind the scenes
My new clip is a prize that he had
had to lose weight if everyone
card voted no ginger and each one
your square
each in its square
alleging the principle of compliance with the
China however is in 6
I sent my hair
I'm in shock state
revulsion for the following reason
Finally the finger in the eye that here because
I thought it was a contact lens and it
to find out that she has blue eye yes and
I 'm going to have to pay to talk more expensive
because I do not have a chemical singer
who has blue eye my son of god
Bless
in exchange opt how many times have to say
for you not to take him before the throne of
car did not turn off this ordinance to
Great, then it was not you who took this
shit here west this woman screams
so many ana paula valadão that someone can
to have been here was the devil the devil who
No answer, you have to believe.
in me I think it was the devil because
because you may be right the cd is so
so blessed that every day more the
enemy is furious when we stop
to listen to your wonderful music
this holy week if you mess with
car concierge
at midnight in new york
told glory about 6 631 now to harry
potter
eight complicated decided where you go
you have a great talent for recording
clips in the woods and also composing songs
complicated to understand that speaks of
two star sun
I think I get married if it's a big one.
place to the south
mk not me kannan m carna her husband is
On the positive side you can be a
great gospel popozuda factory like
adam malysz looks around
no one has this ability to like
things of cheesy and absurd Inca disfavor
I think I already know where you're going.
in front of the throne
with my friends spent in
entrance exam
they won the parents' car when they
I passed the entrance exam my father gave me a
ticket and said my daughter will be
happy
On this path, I would like to
playpen and sixteen reais per day
at the end of the month, the end of the month is
big task but I do not like the entity
last but not least is
You buy a crime, said
now in the house of careful clearance
in this world confusion on the globe a thesis
have direction
It's good that we have the whole lax side but we have
blessings we know not sing and
starting with them and national collection
To hold the ex is wonderful for this
Spring girls, they are all
excited and we are with new
Bible-inspired prints that speak
on ezequiel on ovary of dry bones
about all those skeletons that
came back to life through the word
we are with the ten plagues of egypt
with so many wonderful prints that
talks about the songs about the frogs
grasshoppers in a limited edition also
on shirts with real blood that
we collected in some bh abattoirs
which is very prophetic for your home
now the last round of
questions and answers we program
to know what the question is worth
million
What is the name of the best gospel singer?
owner of the agreement but I should samba
of nations
the number one response to aline barros
answer of number 2 monique alfradique
we like number 3 ana paula
and the black number 4 answer of the
borel and you jump you answer come on
you need to choose one of the
options by my knowledge of my
kitty I'm sure the answer
sure of number 3 you respond quickly
You lose everything you've earned up to here.
because if we analyze well the
questions I think you may be right
because you pass away from having the best
body monique alfradique black actress
borel nor talent has the fox ask the
advance worth $ 1 million which
is the right answer a certain answer